add am pvc config options (#4389)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Jsonnet

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Alertmanager: add `alertmanager_data_disk_size` and  `alertmanager_data_disk_class` configuration option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Alertmanager: add `alertmanager_data_disk_size` and  `alertmanager_data_disk_class` configuration options, with default `fast` storage class. #4389
```
